# MusicDatabase

This is a Windows Desktop App written in C# using Windows Forms and MySQL.

Import the Database with phpMyAdmin

-- phpMyAdmin SQL Dump
-- version 5.1.2
-- https://www.phpmyadmin.net/
--
-- Host: localhost:3306
-- Generation Time: Apr 28, 2023 at 09:46 PM
-- Server version: 5.7.24
-- PHP Version: 8.0.1

SET SQL_MODE = "NO_AUTO_VALUE_ON_ZERO";
START TRANSACTION;
SET time_zone = "+00:00";


/*!40101 SET @OLD_CHARACTER_SET_CLIENT=@@CHARACTER_SET_CLIENT */;
/*!40101 SET @OLD_CHARACTER_SET_RESULTS=@@CHARACTER_SET_RESULTS */;
/*!40101 SET @OLD_COLLATION_CONNECTION=@@COLLATION_CONNECTION */;
/*!40101 SET NAMES utf8mb4 */;

--
-- Database: `music`
--

-- --------------------------------------------------------

--
-- Table structure for table `albums`
--

CREATE TABLE `albums` (
  `ID` int(11) NOT NULL,
  `ALBUM_TITLE` varchar(100) NOT NULL,
  `ARTIST` varchar(100) NOT NULL,
  `YEAR` int(11) NOT NULL,
  `IMAGE_NAME` varchar(1000) NOT NULL,
  `DESCRIPTION` text NOT NULL
) ENGINE=InnoDB DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8;

--
-- Dumping data for table `albums`
--

INSERT INTO `albums` (`ID`, `ALBUM_TITLE`, `ARTIST`, `YEAR`, `IMAGE_NAME`, `DESCRIPTION`) VALUES
(1, 'Abby Road', 'The Beatles', 1961, 'https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/4/42/Beatles_-_Abbey_Road.jpg/220px-Beatles_-_Abbey_Road.jpg', 'Abbey Road is the eleventh studio album by the English rock band the Beatles. It is the last album the group started recording,[2] although Let It Be was the last album completed before the band\'s break-up in April 1970.[3] It was mostly recorded in April, July and August 1969, and was released on 26 September 1969 in the United Kingdom, and 1 October 1969 in the United States, reaching number one in both countries. A double A-side single from the album, \"Something\" / \"Come Together\" was released in October, which also topped the charts in the US.\r\n\r\nAbbey Road incorporates styles such as rock, pop, blues, singer-songwriter, and progressive rock,[4] and makes prominent use of the Moog synthesizer and guitar played through a Leslie speaker unit. It is also notable for having a long medley of songs on side two that have subsequently been covered as one suite by other notable artists. The album was recorded in a more collegial atmosphere than the Get Back / Let It Be sessions earlier in the year, but there were still significant confrontations within the band, particularly over Paul McCartney\'s song \"Maxwell\'s Silver Hammer\", and John Lennon did not perform on several tracks. By the time the album was released Lennon had left the group, though this was not publicly announced until McCartney also quit the following year.\r\n\r\nAlthough it was an immediate commercial success, it received mixed reviews. Some critics found its music inauthentic and criticised the production\'s artificial effects. By contrast, critics today view the album as one of the Beatles\' best and rank it as one of the greatest albums of all time. George Harrison\'s two songs on the album, \"Something\" and \"Here Comes the Sun\", have been regarded as among the best he wrote for the group. The album\'s cover, featuring the group walking across a zebra crossing outside Abbey Road Studios, has become one of the most famous and imitated in the history of recorded music. '),
(2, 'The Eminem Show', 'Eminem ', 2002, 'https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/3/35/The_Eminem_Show.jpg', 'The Eminem Show is the fourth studio album by American rapper Eminem. After it had originally scheduled for release on June 4, 2002, the album was released nine days earlier on May 26, 2002, through Aftermath Entertainment, Shady Records, and Interscope Records due to pirating and bootlegging of it. The album saw Eminem take a substantially more predominant production role; most of it was self-produced, with his longtime collaborator Jeff Bass. It features guest appearances from Obie Trice, D12, Dr. Dre, Nate Dogg, Dina Rae and Eminem\'s daughter Hailie Jade Scott-Mathers.\r\n\r\nThe album incorporates a heavier use of rap rock than Eminem\'s previous albums, and its themes are predominantly based on Eminem\'s prominence in hip hop culture, as well as his ambivalent thoughts of fame. The album also features political commentary on the United States, including references to 9/11, Osama bin Laden, the War on terror, President George W. Bush, Lynne Cheney and Tipper Gore. Due to its less satirical and shock factor lyrical approach, The Eminem Show was regarded as Eminem\'s most personal album at the time and a step back from the Slim Shady alter ego.\r\n\r\nWidely considered the most anticipated album of 2002, The Eminem Show debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 and stood there for six non-consecutive weeks. It sold over 1.3 million copies in its second week in the US, where it registered a full week of sales. It also topped the UK Albums Chart for five consecutive weeks. It produced four commercially successful singles, \"Without Me\", \"Cleanin\' Out My Closet\", \"Superman\", and \"Sing for the Moment\", and it features one of his most popular songs, \"\'Till I Collapse\". The album was met with positive critical reviews, with praise directed at Eminem\'s mature, introspective lyricism and the album\'s experimental production.\r\n\r\nThe Eminem Show was both the best-selling album of 2002 in the United States and the best-selling album worldwide of 2002, along with being the best-selling hip hop album in music history, and Eminem’s most commercially successful album to date. The album was certified Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), and its worldwide sales of 27 million copies make it one of the best-selling albums of all time and the second best-selling album of the 21st century. At the 2003 Grammy Awards, it was nominated for Album of the Year and won Best Rap Album, while \"Without Me\" won Best Music Video. Blender, Muzik and LAUNCH named it the best album of 2002, and several publications named it among the best albums of the 2000s decade. '),
(3, 'Hybrid Theory', 'Linkin Park', 2000, 'https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/2a/Linkin_Park_Hybrid_Theory_Album_Cover.jpg', 'Hybrid Theory is the debut studio album by American rock band Linkin Park, released on October 24, 2000, through Warner Bros. Records. Recorded at NRG Recordings in North Hollywood, California, and produced by Don Gilmore, the album\'s lyrical themes deal with problems lead vocalist Chester Bennington experienced during his adolescence, including drug abuse and the constant fighting and divorce of his parents. Hybrid Theory takes its title from the previous name of the band as well as the concept of music theory and combining different styles. This is also the only album on which bassist Dave Farrell does not play.\r\n\r\nFour singles were released from Hybrid Theory: \"One Step Closer\", \"In the End\", \"Crawling\" and \"Papercut\", all of them being responsible for launching Linkin Park into mainstream popularity. While \"In the End\" was the most successful of the four, all of the singles in the album remain some of the band\'s most successful songs to date. Although \"Runaway\", \"Points of Authority\", and \"My December\" from the special edition bonus disc album were not released as singles, they were minor hits on alternative rock radio stations thanks to the success of all of the band\'s singles and the album; \"Runaway\" has also made several appearances on radio stations.\r\n\r\nGenerally receiving positive reviews from critics upon its release, Hybrid Theory became a strong commercial success.[8] Peaking at number two on the US Billboard 200, it is certified 12× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). It also reached the top 10 in 15 other countries and has sold 32 million copies worldwide, making it the best-selling debut album since Guns N\' Roses\'s Appetite for Destruction (1987) and the best-selling rock album of the 21st century.[9] At the 44th Grammy Awards, it won Best Hard Rock Performance for \"Crawling\".\r\n\r\nIn 2002, Linkin Park released the remix album Reanimation. It included the songs of Hybrid Theory remixed and reinterpreted by nu metal and underground hip hop artists.[10] Contributors to the album included Black Thought, Pharoahe Monch, Jonathan Davis, Stephen Carpenter, and Aaron Lewis. The sound of later Linkin Park albums would involve experimentation with classical instruments such as strings and piano, both of which, along with the same elements of electronica from Hybrid Theory, are prominently included in the band\'s second studio album, Meteora.[11]\r\n\r\nOn August 13, 2020, Warner Records announced a re-release of Hybrid Theory for its 20th anniversary.[12][13] A previously unreleased demo song, \"She Couldn\'t\", was put out at the same time.[12] '),
(4, 'Recovery', 'Eminem ', 2010, 'https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/60/Recovery_Album_Cover.jpg', 'Recovery (stylized as RECOVƎRY) is the seventh studio album by American rapper Eminem. It was released on June 18, 2010, by Aftermath Entertainment, Shady Records, and Interscope Records. The album serves as a direct follow-up to Relapse (2009). Production of the album took place during 2009 to 2010 at several recording studios and was handled by various record producers, including Alex da Kid, Just Blaze, Boi-1da, Jim Jonsin, DJ Khalil, Mr. Porter, and Dr. Dre. Eminem also collaborated with artists such as Pink, Lil Wayne, Rihanna, and Slaughterhouse for the album.\r\n\r\nRecovery featured more introspective and emotional content than its predecessor and the theme of the album revolved around his positive changes, anxiety, and emotional drives. To promote it, Eminem performed the album\'s songs on televised shows, at award ceremonies, and musical events; he also headed The Recovery Tour.\r\n\r\nThe album debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 741,000 copies.[3] It also reached number one in 16 other countries. It spawned four singles: \"Not Afraid\", \"Love the Way You Lie\", \"No Love\", and \"Space Bound\", with the former two both reaching number one on the Billboard Hot 100. Recovery was the best-selling album worldwide in 2010 and the best-selling album in the US in 2010. The album received generally positive reviews by critics and was widely regarded as an improvement to Relapse.\r\n\r\nIn 2022, Recovery was certified 8× platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), becoming Eminem\'s third best-selling studio album behind The Marshall Mathers LP (2000) and The Eminem Show (2002).[4] At the 2011 Grammy Awards, it was nominated for Album of the Year, Song of the Year and Record of the Year; the latter two were for \"Love the Way You Lie\". The album earned Eminem American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, among other awards '),
(5, 'Rumours', 'Fleetwood Mac', 1977, 'https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/f/fb/FMacRumours.PNG', 'Rumours is the eleventh studio album by British-American rock band Fleetwood Mac, released on 4 February 1977 by Warner Bros. Records. Largely recorded in California in 1976, it was produced by the band with Ken Caillat and Richard Dashut. The recording sessions took place in the aftermath of several relationship breakups among its members in addition to heavy drug use, both of which shaped the album\'s direction and lyrics.\r\n\r\nRecorded with the intention of making \"a pop album\" that would expand on the commercial success of their self-titled 1975 album, the music of Rumours is characterized by a mix of electric and acoustic instrumentation, accented rhythms, guitars, and keyboards, while its lyrics concern personal and often troubled relationships. Its release was postponed by delays in the mixing process. Following the album\'s release, Fleetwood Mac undertook worldwide concert tours. Rumours became the band\'s first number-one album on the UK Albums Chart and also topped the US Billboard 200. The songs \"Go Your Own Way\", \"Dreams\", \"Don\'t Stop\", and \"You Make Loving Fun\" were released as singles, all of which reached the US top 10, with \"Dreams\" reaching number one.\r\n\r\nRumours was an instant commercial success, selling over 10 million copies worldwide within just a month of its release. It garnered widespread acclaim from critics, with praise centred on its production quality and vocal harmonies, which frequently relied on the interplay among the band’s three vocalists, and has inspired the work of musical acts in different genres. It won Album of the Year at the 1978 Grammy Awards and received Diamond certifications in several countries, including the UK, Canada, Australia, and the US, where it was certified 20× Platinum. As of February 2023, Rumours has sold over 40 million copies worldwide, making it the sixth best-selling album of the 1970s, and the 12th best-selling album of all time.[1]\r\n\r\nOften considered Fleetwood Mac\'s magnum opus, Rumours has frequently been cited as one of the greatest albums of all time. In 2003, it was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame.[2] In 2004, Rumours was remastered and reissued with the addition of \"Silver Springs\", which had been excluded from the original release, and a bonus CD of outtakes from the recording sessions. In 2017, it was selected for preservation in the National Recording Registry, being deemed \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\" by the Library of Congress.[3] In 2020, Rumours was rated the seventh-greatest album of all time in Rolling Stone\'s list of the \"500 Greatest Albums of All Time\".[4] '),
(6, 'The Marshall Mathers LP', 'Eminem', 2000, 'https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/ae/The_Marshall_Mathers_LP.jpg', 'The Marshall Mathers LP is the third studio album by American rapper Eminem, released on May 23, 2000, by Aftermath Entertainment and Interscope Records. The album was produced mostly by Dr. Dre and Eminem, along with The 45 King, the Bass Brothers, and Mel-Man. Recorded over a two-month period in several studios around Detroit, the album features more introspective lyricism, including Eminem\'s thoughts on his rise from rags to riches, the criticism of his music, and his estrangement from his family and wife. A transgressive work, it incorporates horrorcore and hardcore hip hop, while also featuring satirical songs. Featured appearances include Dido, RBX, Sticky Fingaz, Bizarre, Snoop Dogg, Xzibit, Nate Dogg, and D12.\r\n\r\nLike its predecessor, The Marshall Mathers LP was surrounded by significant controversy upon its release, while also propelling Eminem to the forefront of American pop culture. Criticism centered on lyrics that were considered violent, homophobic, and misogynistic, as well as a reference to the Columbine High School massacre. Future second lady Lynne Cheney criticized the lyrics at a United States Senate hearing, while the Canadian government considered refusing Eminem\'s entry into the country. Despite the controversies, it received acclaim from critics, who praised Eminem\'s lyrical ability and considered the album to have emotional depth.\r\n\r\nThe album debuted at number one on the Billboard 200, staying atop for eight consecutive weeks. A significant commercial success compared to the release of The Slim Shady LP just the previous year, the album sold 1.78 million copies in its first week, which made it among the fastest-selling studio albums in the United States. The album produced the singles \"The Real Slim Shady\", \"The Way I Am\", \"Stan\", \"I\'m Back\" and \"Bitch Please II\". Among other publications, Rolling Stone named it the best album of 2000.\r\n\r\nThe Marshall Mathers LP has been included in numerous all-time lists and is widely regarded as Eminem\'s greatest album. It has sold 25 million copies worldwide, making it one of the best-selling albums of all time, and is certified 11× platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). It was nominated for Album of the Year and won Best Rap Album at the 2001 Grammy Awards, while \"The Real Slim Shady\" won Best Rap Solo Performance. The Marshall Mathers LP 2, the album\'s sequel, was released in 2013. ');

-- --------------------------------------------------------

--
-- Table structure for table `tracks`
--

CREATE TABLE `tracks` (
  `ID` int(11) NOT NULL,
  `title` varchar(100) DEFAULT NULL,
  `number` int(11) DEFAULT NULL,
  `video_url` varchar(200) DEFAULT NULL,
  `lyrics` text,
  `albums_ID` int(11) NOT NULL
) ENGINE=InnoDB DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8;

--
-- Dumping data for table `tracks`
--

INSERT INTO `tracks` (`ID`, `title`, `number`, `video_url`, `lyrics`, `albums_ID`) VALUES
(1, 'Come Together', 1, 'https://youtu.be/oolpPmuK2I8', 'Here come old flat top\r\nHe come grooving up slowly\r\nHe got joo joo eyeball\r\nHe one holy roller\r\nHe got hair down to his knee\r\nGot to be a joker he just do what he please\r\nHe wear no shoe shine\r\nHe got toe jam football\r\nHe got monkey finger\r\nHe shoot Coca-Cola\r\nHe say I know you, you know me\r\nOne thing I can tell you is you got to be free\r\nCome together, right now, over me\r\nHe bag production\r\nHe got walrus gumboot\r\nHe got Ono sideboard\r\nHe one spinal cracker\r\nHe got feet down below his knee\r\nHold you in his armchair you can feel his disease\r\nCome together, right now, over me\r\nHe roller coaster\r\nHe got early warning\r\nHe got muddy water\r\nHe one mojo filter\r\nHe say, \"one and one and one is three\"\r\nGot to be good looking \'cause he\'s so hard to see\r\nCome together, right now, over me\r\nOh\r\nCome together, yeah\r\nCome together, yeah\r\nCome together, yeah\r\nCome together, yeah\r\nCome together, yeah\r\nCome together, yeah\r\nCome together, yeah\r\nOh\r\nCome together, yeah\r\nCome together, yeah', 1),
(3, 'Something', 2, 'https://youtu.be/MZ3Vh8jZFdE', 'Something in the way she moves\r\nAttracts me like no other lover\r\nSomething in the way she woos me\r\nI don\'t want to leave her now\r\nYou know I believe and how\r\nSomewhere in her smile she knows\r\nThat I don\'t need no other lover\r\nSomething in her style that shows me\r\nI don\'t want to leave her now\r\nYou know I believe and how\r\nYou\'re asking me will my love grow\r\nI don\'t know, I don\'t know\r\nYou stick around, now it may show\r\nI don\'t know, I don\'t know\r\nSomething in the way she knows\r\nAnd all I have to do is think of her\r\nSomething in the things she shows me\r\nI don\'t want to leave her now\r\nYou know I believe and how', 1),
(4, 'Maxwell\'s Silver Hammer', 3, 'https://youtu.be/mJag19WoAe0', 'Joan was quizzical, studied pataphysical\r\nScience in the home\r\nLate nights all alone with a test-tube, ohh uh oh oh\r\nMaxwell Edison majoring in medicine\r\nCalls her on the phone\r\n\"Can I take you out to the pictures, Joan?\"\r\nBut as she\'s getting ready to go\r\nA knock comes on the door\r\nBang, bang, Maxwell\'s silver hammer\r\nCame down upon her head\r\nBang, bang, Maxwell\'s silver hammer\r\nMade sure that she was dead\r\nBack in school again Maxwell plays the fool again\r\nTeacher gets annoyed\r\nWishing to avoid an unpleasant scene\r\nShe tells Max to stay when the class has gone away\r\nSo he waits behind\r\nWriting fifty times I must not be so, uh oh oh\r\nBut when she turns her back on the boy\r\nHe creeps up from behind\r\nBang, bang, Maxwell\'s silver hammer\r\nCame down upon her head (do-do, do-do do)\r\nBang, bang, Maxwell\'s silver hammer\r\nMade sure that she was dead\r\nPC 31 said, \"We caught a dirty one\"\r\nMaxwell stands alone\r\nPainting testimonial pictures, ohh uh oh oh\r\nRose and Valerie screaming from the gallery\r\nSay he must go free (Maxwell must go free)\r\nThe judge does not agree and he tells them so, uh oh oh\r\nBut as the words are leaving his lips\r\nA noise comes from behind\r\nBang, bang, Maxwell\'s silver hammer\r\nCame down upon his head (do-do, do-do do)\r\nClang, clang, Maxwell\'s silver hammer\r\nMade sure that he was dead\r\nWhoa, whoa, whoa, oh\r\n(Do-do, do-do do)\r\nSilver Hammer Max', 1),
(5, 'Curtains Up (Skit)', 1, 'https://youtu.be/5o7AxtD3leM', 'Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh\r\nWe still on?\r\nYo, is the mic on?\r\nCheck, check, check\r\nA\'ight, it\'s good\r\nLet\'s go, come on', 2),
(6, 'White America', 2, 'https://youtu.be/RZIzD0ZfTFg', 'America, hahaha, we love you\r\nHow many people are proud to be citizens\r\nOf this beautiful country of ours, the stripes and the stars\r\nFor the rights that men have died for to protect?\r\nThe women and men who have broke their necks\r\nFor the freedom of speech\r\nThe United States government has sworn to uphold\r\n(Yo, I want everybody to listen to the words of this song)\r\nOr so we\'re told\r\nI never would\'ve dreamed in a million years I\'d see\r\nSo many motherfuckin\' people who feel like me\r\nWho share the same views and the same exact beliefs\r\nIt\'s like a fucking army marching in back of me\r\nSo many lives I touched, so much anger aimed\r\nIn no particular direction, just sprays and sprays\r\nAnd straight through your radio waves, it plays and plays\r\n\'Til it stays stuck in your head, for days and days\r\nWho would\'ve thought, standing in this mirror, bleaching my hair\r\nWith some peroxide, reaching for a t-shirt to wear\r\nThat I would catapult to the forefront of rap like this?\r\nHow could I predict my words would have an impact like this?\r\nI must\'ve struck a chord with somebody up in the office\r\n\'Cause Congress keep telling me I ain\'t causing nothin\' but problems\r\nAnd now they\'re saying I\'m in trouble with the government\r\nI\'m loving it, I shoveled shit all my life, and now I\'m dumping it on\r\nWhite America, I could be one of your kids\r\nWhite America, little Eric looks just like this\r\nWhite America, Erica loves my shit\r\nI go to TRL, look how many hugs I get\r\nWhite America, I could be one of your kids\r\nWhite America, little Eric looks just like this\r\nWhite America, Erica loves my shit\r\nI go to TRL, look how many hugs I get\r\nLook at these eyes, baby blue, baby just like yourself\r\nIf they were brown, Shady\'d lose, Shady sits on the shelf\r\nBut Shady\'s cute, Shady knew Shady\'s dimples would help\r\nMake ladies swoon, baby (ooh, baby)\r\nLook at my sales\r\nLet\'s do the math, if I was black, I woulda sold half\r\nI ain\'t have to graduate from Lincoln High School to know that\r\nBut I could rap, so fuck school, I\'m too cool to go back\r\nGive me the mic, show me where the fucking studio\'s at\r\nWhen I was underground no one gave a fuck I was white\r\nNo labels wanted to sign me, almost gave up, I was like\r\n\"Fuck it, \" until I met Dre, the only one to look past\r\nGave me a chance and I lit a fire up under his ass\r\nHelped him get back to the top, every fan black that I got\r\nWas probably his in exchange for every white fan that he\'s got\r\nLike damn, we just swapped, sitting back looking at shit, wow\r\nI\'m like my skin is it starting to work to my benefit now? it\'s-\r\nWhite America, I could be one of your kids\r\nWhite America, little Eric looks just like this\r\nWhite America, Erica loves my shit\r\nI go to TRL, look how many hugs I get\r\nWhite America, I could be one of your kids\r\nWhite America, little Eric looks just like this\r\nWhite America, Erica loves my shit\r\nI go to TRL, look how many hugs I get!\r\nSee, the problem is I speak to suburban kids\r\nWho otherwise woulda never knew these words exist\r\nWhose moms probably woulda never gave two squirts of piss\r\n\'Til I created so much motherfucking turbulence\r\nStraight out the tube, right into your living rooms I came\r\nAnd kids flipped when they knew I was produced by Dre\r\nThat\'s all it took, and they were instantly hooked right in\r\nAnd they connected with me too, because I looked like them\r\nThat\'s why they put my lyrics up under this microscope\r\nSearching with a fine tooth comb, it\'s like this rope\r\nWaiting to choke, tightening around my throat\r\nWatching me while I write this, like, \"I don\'t like this note\"\r\nAll I hear is, lyrics, lyrics, constant controversy\r\nSponsors working round the clock to try to stop my concerts early\r\nSurely hip-hop was never a problem in Harlem, only in Boston\r\nAfter it bothered the fathers of daughters starting to blossom\r\nSo now I\'m catching the flak from these activists when they ragging\r\nActin\' like I\'m the first rapper to smack a bitch or say \"faggot, \" shit\r\nJust look at me like I\'m your closest pal\r\nThe posterchild, the motherfucking spokesman now, for-\r\nWhite America, I could be one of your kids\r\nWhite America, little Eric looks just like this\r\nWhite America, Erica loves my shit\r\nI go to TRL, look how many hugs I get\r\nWhite America, I could be one of your kids\r\nWhite America, little Eric looks just like this\r\nWhite America, Erica loves my shit\r\nI go to TRL, look how many hugs I get\r\nSo to the parents of America, I am the Derringer\r\nAimed at little Erica to attack her character\r\nThe ringleader of this circus of worthless pawns\r\nSent to lead the march right up to the steps of Congress\r\nAnd piss on the lawns of the White House\r\nTo burn the - and replace it with a Parental Advisory sticker\r\nTo spit liquor in the faces of this democracy of hypocrisy\r\nFuck you, Ms. Cheney\r\nFuck you, Tipper Gore\r\nFuck you with the freest of speech\r\nThis Divided States of Embarrassment will allow me to have\r\nFuck you\r\nHahaha, I\'m just playing, America\r\nYou know I love you', 2),
(7, 'Business', 3, 'https://youtu.be/P05bTId-92A', 'Marshall! Sounds like an S.O.S!\r\nHoly wack unlyrical lyrics André, you\'re fucking right!\r\nTo the rap-mobile, let\'s go!\r\nMarshall!\r\nMarshall!\r\nBitches and Gentleman!\r\nIt\'s showtime!\r\nHurry, hurry, step right up!\r\nIntroducing the star of our show, his name is\r\nMarshall!\r\nYou wouldn\'t wanna be anywhere else in the world right now\r\nSo without futher ado, I bring to you\r\nMarshall!\r\nYou \'bout to witness hip hop in its most purest\r\nMost rawest form, flow almost flawless\r\nMost hardest, most honest known artist\r\nChip off the old block but old doc is\r\nBack!\r\nLooks like Batman brought his own Robin\r\nOh God, Saddam\'s got his own Laden\r\nWith his own private plane, his own pilot\r\nSet to blow college dorm room doors off their hinges\r\nOranges, peach, pears, plums, syringes\r\nYeah, here I come, I\'m inches\r\nAway from you, dear fear none\r\nHip hop is in a state of nine-one-one, so\r\nLet\'s get down to business\r\nI don\'t got no time to play around, what is this?\r\nMust be a circus in town, let\'s shut that shit down\r\nOn these clowns, can I getta witness?\r\n(Hell Yeah!)\r\nLet\'s get down to business\r\nI don\'t got no time to play around, what is this?\r\nMust be a circus in town, let\'s shut that shit down\r\nOn these clowns, can I getta witness?\r\n(Hell Yeah!)\r\nQuick gotta move fast, gotta perform miracles\r\nGee wilikers Dre, holy bat syllables\r\nLook at all the bullshit that goes on in Gotham\r\nWhen I\'m gone time to get rid of these rap criminals\r\nSo skip to your lou, while I do what I do best\r\nYou ain\'t even impressed no more, you\'re used to it\r\nFlows too wet, nobody close to it\r\nNobody says it, but still everyone knows the shit\r\nThe most hated on out of all those who say they get hated on\r\nIn eighty songs and exaggerate it all so much\r\nThey make it all up, there\'s no such thing\r\nLike a female with good looks, who cooks and cleans\r\nIt just means so much more to so much more\r\nPeople, when you\'re rappin\' and you know what for\r\nThe show must go on, so I\'d like to welcome y\'all\r\nTo Marshall and André\'s carnival, c\'mon!\r\nNow let\'s get down to business\r\nI don\'t got no time to play around, what is this?\r\nMust be a circus in town, let\'s shut that shit down\r\nOn these clowns, can I getta witness?\r\nLet\'s get down to business\r\nI don\'t got no time to play around, what is this?\r\nMust be a circus in town, let\'s shut that shit down\r\nOn these clowns, can I getta witness?\r\n(Hell Yeah!)\r\nIt\'s just like old times, the dynamic duo\r\nTwo old friends, why panic?\r\nYou already know who\'s fully capable, the two caped heroes\r\nDial straight down the center 8-0-0\r\nYou can even call collect, the most feared duet\r\nSince me and Elton, played career russian roulette\r\nAnd never even seen me blink or get to busting a sweat\r\nPeople stepping over people just to rush to the set\r\nJust to get to see an MC who breathes so freely\r\nEase over these beats and be so breezy\r\nJesus, how can shit be so easy\r\nHow can one Chandra be so Levy\r\nTurn on these beats MC\'s don\'t see me\r\nBelieve me, BET and MTV\r\nAre gonna grieve when we leave, dawg fo\' sheezy\r\nCan\'t leave rap alone the game needs me\r\nTill we grow beards, get weird and disappear\r\nInto the mountains, nothing but clowns down here\r\nBut we ain\'t fucking around round here\r\nYo Dre!\r\n(What up?)\r\nCan I get a hell yeah?\r\nLet\'s get down to business\r\nI don\'t got no time to play around, what is this?\r\nMust be a circus in town, let\'s shut that shit down\r\nOn these clowns, can I getta witness?\r\n(Hell Yeah!)\r\nLet\'s get down to business\r\nI don\'t got no time to play around, what is this?\r\nMust be a circus in town, let\'s shut that shit down\r\nOn these clowns, can I getta witness?\r\n(Hell Yeah!)\r\nSo there you have it folks\r\nMarshall!\r\nHas come to save the day\r\nBack with his friend André\r\nAnd to remind you that bullshit does not pay\r\nBecause\r\nMarshall!\r\nAnd André are here to stay and never go away\r\nUntil our dying day, until we\'re old and grey\r\nMarshall!\r\nSo until next time friends\r\nSame blonde hair, same rap channel\r\nGoodnight everyone, thank you for coming\r\nYour host for the evening\r\nMarshall!\r\nOh! Hah!', 2),
(8, 'Papercut', 1, 'https://youtu.be/vjVkXlxsO8Q', 'Why does it feel like night today?\r\nSomethin\' in here\'s not right today\r\nWhy am I so uptight today?\r\nParanoia\'s all I got left\r\nI don\'t know what stressed me first\r\nOr how the pressure was fed\r\nBut I know just what it feels like\r\nTo have a voice in the back of my head\r\nLike a face that I hold inside\r\nA face that awakes when I close my eyes\r\nA face watches every time I lie\r\nA face that laughs every time I fall\r\n(And watches everything)\r\nSo I know that when it\'s time to sink or swim\r\nThat the face inside is here in me\r\nRight underneath my skin\r\nIt\'s like I\'m paranoid lookin\' over my back\r\nIt\'s like a whirlwind inside of my head\r\nIt\'s like I can\'t stop what I\'m hearing within\r\nIt\'s like the face inside is right beneath my skin\r\nI know I\'ve got a face in me\r\nPoints out all my mistakes to me\r\nYou\'ve got a face on the inside too\r\nAnd your paranoia\'s probably worse\r\nI don\'t know what set me off first\r\nBut I know what I can\'t stand\r\nEverybody acts like the fact of the matter is\r\nI can\'t add up to what you can\r\nBut everybody has a face that they hold inside\r\nA face that awakes when I close my eyes\r\nA face watches every time they lie\r\nA face that laughs every time they fall\r\n(And watches everything)\r\nSo you know that when it\'s time to sink or swim\r\nThat the face inside is watchin\' you too\r\nRight inside your skin\r\nIt\'s like I\'m paranoid lookin\' over my back\r\nIt\'s like a whirlwind inside of my head\r\nIt\'s like I can\'t stop what I\'m hearing within\r\nIt\'s like the face inside is right beneath the skin\r\nIt\'s like I\'m paranoid lookin\' over my back\r\nIt\'s like a whirlwind inside of my head\r\nIt\'s like I can\'t stop what I\'m hearing within\r\nIt\'s like the face inside is right beneath my skin\r\nThe face inside is right beneath your skin\r\nThe face inside is right beneath your skin\r\nThe face inside is right beneath your skin\r\nThe sun goes down\r\nI feel the light betray me\r\nThe sun goes down\r\nI feel the light betray me\r\nIt\'s like I\'m paranoid lookin\' over my back\r\nIt\'s like a whirlwind inside of my head\r\nIt\'s like I can\'t stop what I\'m hearing within\r\nIt\'s like the face inside is right beneath the skin\r\nIt\'s like I\'m paranoid lookin\' over my back\r\nIt\'s like a whirlwind inside of my head\r\nIt\'s like I can\'t stop what I\'m hearing within\r\nIt\'s like I can\'t stop what I\'m hearing within\r\nIt\'s like I can\'t stop what I\'m hearing within\r\nIt\'s like the face inside is right beneath my skin', 3),
(9, 'One Step Closer', 2, 'https://youtu.be/4qlCC1GOwFw', 'I cannot take this anymore\r\nSaying everything I\'ve said before\r\nAll these words, they make no sense\r\nI find bliss in ignorance\r\nLess I hear, the less you say\r\nYou\'ll find that out anyway\r\nJust like before\r\nEverything you say to me\r\n(Takes me one step closer to the edge)\r\n(And I\'m about to break)\r\nI need a little room to breathe\r\n(\'Cause I\'m one step closer to the edge)\r\n(I\'m about to break)\r\nI find the answers aren\'t so clear\r\nWish I could find a way to disappear\r\nAll these thoughts they make no sense\r\nI find bliss in ignorance\r\nNothing seems to go away\r\nOver and over again\r\nJust like before\r\nEverything you say to me\r\n(Takes me one step closer to the edge)\r\n(And I\'m about to break)\r\nI need a little room to breathe\r\n(\'Cause I\'m one step closer to the edge)\r\n(I\'m about to break)\r\nEverything you say to me\r\n(Takes me one step closer to the edge)\r\n(And I\'m about to break)\r\nI need a little room to breathe\r\n(\'Cause I\'m one step closer to the edge)\r\n(And I\'m about to-)\r\nBreak, break, break...\r\nShut up when I\'m talking to you\r\nShut up, shut up, shut up\r\nShut up when I\'m talking to you\r\nShut up, shut up, shut up\r\nShut up\r\nI\'m about to break\r\nEverything you say to me\r\n(Takes me one step closer to the edge)\r\n(And I\'m about to break)\r\nI need a little room to breathe\r\n(\'Cause I\'m one step closer to the edge)\r\n(I\'m about to break)\r\nEverything you say to me\r\n(Takes me one step closer to the edge)\r\n(And I\'m about to break)\r\nI need a little room to breathe\r\n(\'Cause I\'m one step closer to the edge)\r\n(And I\'m about to)\r\nBreak', 3),
(10, 'With You', 3, 'https://youtu.be/M8UTS2iFXOo', 'I woke up in a dream today\r\nTo the cold of the static and put my cold feet on the floor\r\nForgot all about yesterday\r\nRemembering I\'m pretending to be where I\'m not anymore\r\nA little taste of hypocrisy\r\nAnd I\'m left in the wake of the mistake, slow to react\r\nEven though you\'re so close to me\r\nYou\'re still so distant and I can\'t bring you back\r\nIt\'s true\r\nThe way I feel\r\nWas promised by your face\r\nThe sound of your voice\r\nPainted on my memories\r\nEven if you\'re not with me\r\nI\'m with you\r\nYou now I see\r\nKeeping everything inside (with you)\r\nYou now I see\r\nEven when I close my eyes\r\nI hit you and you hit me back\r\nWe fall to the floor, the rest of the day stands still\r\nFine line between this and that\r\nWhen things go wrong I pretend that the past isn\'t real\r\nNow I\'m trapped in this memory\r\nAnd I\'m left in the wake of the mistake, slow to react\r\nSo even though you\'re close to me\r\nYou\'re still so distant and I can\'t bring you back\r\nIt\'s true\r\nThe way I feel\r\nWas promised by your face\r\nThe sound of your voice\r\nPainted on my memories\r\nEven if you\'re not with me\r\nI\'m with you\r\nYou now I see\r\nKeeping everything inside (with you)\r\nYou now I see\r\nEven when I close my eyes\r\nI\'m with you\r\nYou now I see\r\nKeeping everything inside (with you)\r\nYou now I see\r\nEven when I close my eyes\r\nNo, no matter how far we\'ve come\r\nI can\'t wait to see tomorrow\r\nNo matter how far we\'ve come I\r\nI can\'t wait to see tomorrow\r\nWith you\r\nYou now I see\r\nKeeping everything inside (with you)\r\nYou now I see\r\nEven when I close my eyes\r\nWith you\r\nYou now I see\r\nKeeping everything inside (with you)\r\nYou now I see\r\nEven when I close my eyes', 3),
(11, 'Cold Wind Blows', 1, 'https://youtu.be/c4Yz9o5UtN8', '\'Cause some things just don\'t change\r\nIt\'s better when they stay the same\r\nAlthough the whole world knows your name, so on the biggest stage\r\nThey came to see you spit your game, oh oooh\r\nBut it shouldn\'t be difficult\r\nTo explain just why you came back again\r\nYou hate the fame, love the game\r\nCold as ice he remain, Fuck em all\r\nTell em all eat shit\r\nHere we go again\r\nOh, God Damn\r\nIs it that time again already?\r\nOk\r\nYa\'ll don\'t look too happy to see me\r\nFuck man\r\nDon\'t everybody welcome me back at once\r\nAight, then fuck it already\r\nYou can get the dick\r\nJust call me the ball sack\r\nI\'m nuts\r\nMichael Vick in this bitch dawg\r\nFall back, ya mutts\r\nFuck your worms\r\nYou never seen such a sick puppy\r\nFuck it a sick duck\r\nI want my duck sicked mummy\r\nAnd my nuts licked\r\nGobble em up trick yummy\r\nBitch, you don\'t fucking think\r\nThat I know that you suck dick dummy\r\nYou get your butt kicked\r\nFuck all that love sick honey\r\nYeah, I laugh when I call you a slut\r\nIt\'s funny\r\nShortly dance while I dis\r\nYou to the beat\r\nFuck the words\r\nYou don\'t listen to em anyway\r\nYeah, struck a nerve sucker\r\nMotherfucker might as well let\r\nMy lips pucker, like Elton John\r\n\'Cause I\'m just a mean cock sucker\r\nThis shit is on\r\nCuz you went and pissed me off\r\nNow I\'m sitting and pissing on\r\nEverybody\r\nGive a fuck if it\'s right or wrong\r\nSo buck the Buddha, light a bong\r\nBut take a look at Mariah the next time I inspire you to write a song, c\'mon\r\nOh oh oh oh oh oh\r\nI\'m as cold as the cold wind blows\r\nWhen it snows and it\'s twenty below\r\nAsk me why, man I just don\'t know no no no no no no\r\nI\'m as cold as the cold wind blows\r\nBl- bl- blows, Bl- blow blows oh oh\r\nFuck it, I\'m a loose cannon\r\nBruce Banners back in the booth\r\nYa\'ll are sitting ducks\r\nI\'m the only goose standing\r\nI\'ll set the world on fire\r\nPiss on it, put it out\r\nStick my dick in a circle\r\nBut I\'m not fucking around\r\nMotherfucker\r\nI saw you pussy footin\'\r\nI\'ll kick a bitch in the cunt\r\nTill it makes her queef\r\nAnd sounds like a fucking\r\nWhoopie cushion\r\nWho the fuck is you pushin\'?\r\nYou must have mistook me for\r\nSome sissy soft punk\r\nLooking for some nookie or bosom\r\nGo ahead, fucking hater, push me\r\nI told you ain\'t no fucking way to shush me\r\nCall me a faggot\r\nCuz I hate a pussy\r\nMan the fuck up, sissy G\'s up\r\nAll you gardeners freeze up\r\nPut your hoes down\r\nShady ease up, Man chill\r\nNah, I can\'t god damnit\r\nRap is a land fill\r\nDrop the anvil\r\nThese are shoes that you can\'t fill\r\nShit the day that happens\r\nThe world will stop spinning\r\nAnd Michael J Fox\r\nWill come to a stand still\r\nDuring a earthquake\r\nUrine in your face\r\nCuz your fake\r\nAahh, what the fuck, that hurt wait\r\nAahh, what the fuck\r\nI just got struck by lightning\r\nI write, then I quit\r\nGod, I give up\r\nCall it evil that men do\r\nLord forgive me for what my pen do\r\nThis is for your sins, I cleanse you\r\nAnd you can repent but I warn you\r\nIf you continue, to hell I send you\r\nAnd just then the wind blew\r\nAnd I said\r\nOh oh oh oh oh oh\r\nI\'m as cold as the cold wind blows\r\nWhen it snows and it\'s twenty below\r\nAsk me why, man I just don\'t know no no no no no no\r\nI\'m as cold as the cold wind blows\r\nBl- bl- blows, Bl- blow blows oh oh o-\r\nHow long will I be this way?\r\nShady, until my dying day\r\nUntil I hang up the mic\r\nAnd it\'s time for me to say\r\nSo long till then I drop the\r\nFucking bombs like I missed\r\nThe pass when I went long\r\nIf you don\'t like it\r\nYou can kiss my ass in a lint thong\r\nNow sing along\r\nSlut this, slut that\r\nLearn the words to the song\r\nOh, bitches don\'t like that\r\nHomie, I\'ll be nicer to women\r\nWhen Aquaman drowns and\r\nThe Human Torch starts swimming\r\nMan I\'m a cold soul, I roll solo\r\nSo don\'t compare me to\r\nThem other bums over there\r\nIt\'s like apples to oranges\r\nPeaches to plums\r\nYeah, I\'m bananas\r\nPussy cut off the grapes\r\nAnd grow a pair, but I swear\r\nYou try to dis me, I\'ll slaughter you\r\nI put that on everything\r\nLike everyone does\r\nWe\'re auto-tuned\r\nThe last thing you want to do\r\nIs have me spit out a rhyme\r\nAnd say I was writing\r\nThis and I thought of you so\r\nOh oh oh oh oh oh\r\nI\'m as cold as the cold wind blows\r\nWhen it snows and it\'s twenty below\r\nAsk me why, man I just don\'t know no no no no no no\r\nI\'m as cold as the cold wind blows\r\nBl- bl- blows, Bl- blow blows oh oh o-\r\nI don\'t know\r\nI don\'t know what caused\r\nI don\'t know\r\nWhat caused me to be this way\r\nI don\'t know, I don\'t know\r\nBut I\'ll probably\r\nBe this way until my dying day\r\nI don\'t know why I\'m so\r\nI\'m so cold\r\nMean things I don\'t mean to say\r\nI guess this is how you made me', 4),
(12, 'Second Hand News', 1, 'https://youtu.be/SLlYUlS_Awo', 'I know there\'s nothin\' to say\r\nSomeone has taken my place\r\nWhen times go bad\r\nWhen times go rough\r\nWon\'t you lay me down in tall grass\r\nAnd let me do my stuff\r\nI know I got nothin\' on you\r\nI know there\'s nothin\' to do\r\nWhen times go bad\r\nAnd you can\'t get enough\r\nWon\'t you lay me down in the tall grass\r\nAnd let me do my stuff\r\nOne thing I think you should know\r\nI ain\'t gonna miss you when you go\r\nBeen down so long\r\nI\'ve been tossed around enough\r\nAww, couldn\'t you just\r\nLet me go down and do my stuff\r\nI know you\'re hopin\' to find\r\nSomeone who\'s gonna give you peace of mind\r\nWhen times go bad\r\nWhen times go rough\r\nWon\'t you lay me down in the tall grass\r\nAnd let me do my stuff\r\nDo it, do it, do it\r\nI\'m just second hand news\r\nI\'m just second hand news, yeah\r\nI\'m just second hand news\r\nI\'m just second hand news, yeah\r\nI\'m just second hand news\r\nI\'m just second hand news, yeah\r\nI\'m just second hand news\r\nI\'m just second hand news, yeah\r\nYeah', 5),
(13, 'Public Service Announcement 2000', 1, 'https://youtu.be/0NmsogZClfM', 'This is another public service announcement\r\nBrought to you, in part, by Slim Shady\r\n(Tell \'em I don\'t give a fuck)\r\nSlim Shady does not give a fuck what you think\r\n(Tell \'em to suck it)\r\nIf you don\'t like it, you can suck his fucking cock\r\n(Tell \'em they kissed my ass)\r\nLittle did you know, upon purchasing this album, you have just kissed his ass\r\n(Tell \'em I\'m fed up)\r\nSlim Shady is fed up with your shit, and he\'s going to kill you\r\nUh... anything else?\r\nYeah... sue me!', 6);

--
-- Indexes for dumped tables
--

--
-- Indexes for table `albums`
--
ALTER TABLE `albums`
  ADD PRIMARY KEY (`ID`);

--
-- Indexes for table `tracks`
--
ALTER TABLE `tracks`
  ADD PRIMARY KEY (`ID`),
  ADD KEY `fk_tracks_albums_idx` (`albums_ID`);

--
-- AUTO_INCREMENT for dumped tables
--

--
-- AUTO_INCREMENT for table `albums`
--
ALTER TABLE `albums`
  MODIFY `ID` int(11) NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT, AUTO_INCREMENT=8;

--
-- AUTO_INCREMENT for table `tracks`
--
ALTER TABLE `tracks`
  MODIFY `ID` int(11) NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT, AUTO_INCREMENT=14;

--
-- Constraints for dumped tables
--

--
-- Constraints for table `tracks`
--
ALTER TABLE `tracks`
  ADD CONSTRAINT `fk_tracks_albums` FOREIGN KEY (`albums_ID`) REFERENCES `albums` (`ID`) ON DELETE NO ACTION ON UPDATE NO ACTION;
COMMIT;

/*!40101 SET CHARACTER_SET_CLIENT=@OLD_CHARACTER_SET_CLIENT */;
/*!40101 SET CHARACTER_SET_RESULTS=@OLD_CHARACTER_SET_RESULTS */;
/*!40101 SET COLLATION_CONNECTION=@OLD_COLLATION_CONNECTION */;
